(LOOΠΔ / yyxy doing their best until the end!)
#NowPlaying “LOOΠΔ / yyxy - love4eva (feat. Grimes)”
(Finally the music video shooting is over!)
Yves: Please tell us your thoughts, how you feel!
Chuu: I was very excited and happy after I arrived at Hungary.
Chuu: Because all the sites we visited to shoot the music video are famous and beautiful!
Go Won: I was excited that I’m shooting the music video in overseas!
Olivia Hye: I think it’ll stay in my memory for a very long time…
Olivia Hye: And I’m satisfied~
Yves: It would be difficult and exhausted if I came here alone.
Yves: It was fun with all members, and I think we made good memories together.
Yves: So I’m still excited and my heart is still fluttered~
Yves: We filmed it really hard!
Yves: So make sure to watch the music video and give a lot of love to it.
Yves: Please look forward to it~
Chuu: See you~
Chuu: We’re going to take a group picture!
Go Won: To celebrate it~
'1, 2, 3!'
(Good job everyone!)